A&M! A&M!
A&M! A&M! A&M!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You played great today.
I was doing what I'm good at.
You know what else I'm really good at?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right. Showtime, baby.
Get out the door. Get out, man.
Hey.
Ugh. Hair of the dog?
Dude, that chick last night was all over you,
and she was 5 kinds of hot.
You don't got to tell me.
Excuse me, Mr. McNeil?
Can I have your autograph?
Sure.
You should stay in school...
don't do drugs, recycle, and all that jazz.
All right?
Dude, was she freaky?
Hey. She was freaky, wasn't she?
Was she a little bit freaky?
She a little freaky?
Hey, not in front of the kid, man. Yo!
Start with you. I told you.
Dang! Hey! Was she a lot or a little freaky?
Man, she was a little bit freaky.
You better stop...
I'm sorry. Cabe McNeil?
I'm sorry for you.
Maybe you can tell me
your name, too, darlin'.
My name is Detective Ferro,
and you're under arrest
for contributing to
the delinquency of a minor.
What?
For what?
Some people call it statutory rape.
Please stand up, sir.
What's going on?
Sync by honeybunny - corrected by chamallow35
www.addic7ed.com
* dream, send me a sign *
* turn back the clock
* give me some time
* I need to break out
* and make a new name
* let's open our eyes
* to the brand-new day
Let's see. That's good. You work for me.
Ok. You both need to see
my chimpanzee sex tape.
Oh, that sounds like fun.
Oh, it's the most interesting
research I've done.
The female Bonobo chimp,
she'll entice a mate
and sometimes attack with
no provocation whatsoever.
Cal?
Oh, I...
I'm familiar with the phenomenon.
We'll talk.
Chimpanzee sex later. IRS case now.
Oh, right. We're going to go see the kook
waiting for us at his compound.
Don't call him a kook.
What am I supposed to call
the leader of a cult?
The IRS thinks he's a tax fraud.
And even cults have rights.
Statutory rape.
So the former hang 'em high prosecutor
isn't above defending the
wicked when the price is right.
Well, my client had no idea
Susan Reed was underage.
She was on a college campus. She had a fake ID.
She was drinking. She
looks to be at least 20.
This girl goes to school with our daughter.
Emily knows the girl, but they
don't travel in similar circles.
And how does she feel about
you representing this guy?
She understands my position.
Which is?
Well, if Cabe McNeil were white,
these charges wouldn't
even have been brought.
I mean, Susan Reed came home late.
She was intoxicated. Her father went ballistic.
So she broke down and told him where she was.
In a black man's bed. That's right.
Before Mr. Reed had even
hung up the phone with the cops,
my client was as good as indicted.
See, I don't know.
Underage girls and, you know, sex...
It's really... it's just
not my cup of tea, love.
Hewlett County, Virginia is twice as likely
to bring criminal charges
against blacks as it is whites.
And the A.D.A., Jay Putt, I
went to law school with him.
He's a pompous ass who isn't beyond
overcharging just based on race.
That is why Cabe McNeil is
facing trumped-up sex charges.
Well, that, and he diddled a 16-year-old girl.
I mean, let's not forget that little tidbit, right?
These charges cost him his future.
What do you want from me?
Sex charge is a strict liability crime.
But if I can prove that Cabe truly
believed that Susan was of age,
then I can use that to mitigate the charges.
You really want to defend this guy,
or are you just taking this personally
because of the black and white
leaves on your family tree?
Both.
Well, at least you're being honest.
But I'm not going to blindly help this guy.
I mean, anything I find out,
I'm going to disclose to both
you and the prosecution.
Of course.
Right.
Fine.
Ok.
What happened to my client?
Cons here, someone's in for kid-touching,
they don't ask for details.
Did they let you see a doctor?
I'm fine. Just want to go home.
First, I need you to talk with Dr. Lightman.
What do you want to know?
Just the truth.
Give us a minute?
My baby.
Who is that in there?
That's Cal Lightman, and this
is his associate Ria Torres.
They're experts in deception and witness veracity.
They want to help me help Cabe.
How old are you, Cabe?
22.
How do you feel about being locked up?
I was scared.
Now, tell me you enjoyed it.
What?
Convince me
that being locked up was
nothing. It was a breeze.
Jail was nothing.
I didn't sweat it.
What the hell is he doing?
He's trying get a baseline for
when Cabe is telling the truth.
Cabe always tells the truth.
Did they give you any
medication for your injuries?
2 painkillers.
You like having sex with little girls?
What?
Driver's permits, pigtails...
that kind of thing turns you on?
I thought she was in college.
That's enough.
I'm telling you that I have
the right to see my son.
Calm down. Just let me... I am calm!
Hey, hey, hey. Hey.
If I'm going to help
a statutory rapist walk,
I'm going to be damn sure
he's telling the truth, right?
I just want to make sure
my son is ok.
You ok, Cabe?
I'm ok.
I'm right out here.
We're getting you bailed out.
So you weren't sure she was legal.
I assumed she was.
But I mean, high school
girls crash the parties a lot.
And you seek them out?
That's not my thing. Ask anyone.
I don't hang with the chicks
from Parker High and Lynbrook.
I didn't know she was from Lynbrook.
I thought she was my age.
Hey. How often do girls
from Lynbrook Academy
party at Virginia A&M?
Every weekend.
But Susan was talking about econ classes
she was taking, like she went there.
I swear.
The tells I normally pick up on,
painkillers might be masking them,
And his facial injuries are restricting
movement, and the swelling...
I don't know. I can't tell if he's lying...
Cabe McNeil?
She's a kid. You know?
Why would you do that to her?
She's a child. My child.
You know what that makes you, right?
That makes you a rapist,
that's what that makes you.
Mr. Reed, I know... I consider your pain sincere.
Our daughters go to the same school.
If someone came after my Emily,
I'd be as angry and
distressed as you are.
You have no idea how this feels.
That's true. But I can see it in your face.
Go home. Don't make it worse for yourself.
Go home to your daughter.
Who are you?
Just a bystander. I don't have a dog in this fight.
Don't just stand there.
Uh, get your son out of here.
Just go home, Mr. Reed.
Just go home, sir.
Well, that was interesting.
Hi.
Jamie Cowley.
Dr. Gillian Foster. This is Eli Loker.
Hi.
Hello.
Here's a copy of the court order
Allowing us to visit your compound
and conduct our research.
It gives us 3 days to observe and interview
the members of your church,
and we will come and go
as quietly as we can.
So, how many disciples live on your compound?
I share the property
with about
150 other believers.
Well, the IRS has had difficulty
determining an exact number.
The children born into your group
don't get social security numbers.
They don't need one to know God.
Oh, and God... would that be you?
The Supreme Court is very clear.
The IRS cannot judge any
church's religious tenets.
Yeah. Only whether your followers'
beliefs are sincere and genuine.
So that's where we come in.
You have over 30 houses
on your compound registered
as individual churches.
Well, God is everywhere.
30 churches... that means
30 different tax exemptions.
The IRS calls it fraud.
Mmm. Only if they can prove that
any of my followers
aren't true believers.
Well, you seem pretty
confident that they all are.
Take a look around. Keep an open mind.
You might find yourself moved.
Come on. I'll show you around.
So, other than you, I've only seen
2 other men your age here.
Mm-hmm. Those are Chris and Ken.
They helped found the church.
When our boys turn 16,
we encourage them to explore the world,
though they're always welcome to return.
And the women tend to stay.
They care for us and vice versa.
I'm curious. How many of
these children are yours?
Spiritually, they're all my children.
Biologically, 12.
And in your materials,
you claim that you're a prophet,
that God is going to teach, through you,
how to live a fulfilled life?
That's right.
So...
It's pretty intense, huh?
How exactly do you communicate with God?
How does anyone?
Through prayer, sometimes
by looking into a child's eyes.
I can see that you need convincing.
Why don't you stop by my
sermon, see for yourself?
You'll have to excuse me.
I have a realization class to teach,
but feel free to talk to anyone.
We're happy to cooperate.
We're not here to judge, remember?
How can I not judge someone
who creates their own harem
and tosses out the competition
when they hit puberty?
Judge him? How can I copy him?
Look, it's weird, I know,
but it's a free country,
and if the earth mamas want
to split, there is no gate.
No one's getting hurt.
I wouldn't be too sure about that.
Is Susan the kind of girl that
would make up a story like this?
I don't... I don't know her very well.
What kind of things do you hear goes on
at these frat parties, then?
I've never been to one,
so I couldn't tell you.
You wouldn't be dodging
my questions, would you?
No. I'm... I'm not dodging your questions.
Ok.
So the girls who go to these parties, right,
are they... do they lie about their age,
or are they on about it?
Dad, I told you, I've never been to one.
But...
But what?
No, you tell me.
Ok. I've been to A&M a couple of times,
but just... just like, bars, you know?
Excuse me?
It's not a big deal. Uh, where's mom?
She'll be home in a minute.
She drives like a quaker.
Just... I'd never go to a frat party, ok?
Those things get crazy.
What, as opposed to a pub?
Not a pub, dad. A bar. A college bar.
And one with bouncers
and a million other people.
It's totally different from a frat party.
And I mean, I don't even go to drink.
I just want to listen to the music.
Really?
Really.
Ah.
So how'd you get in, then? Eh?
Um... what?
What's in the drawer?
Nothing.
Hmm?
Mm-hmm.
What's in the drawer, darling?
Nothing.
What's in the... what's in the...
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Dad, please.
Dad, that's private.
Dad, stop. Excuse me.
Excuse me. Dad, that's...
That's... that's private, dad?
Oh, really?
That's such a violation.
Yeah, well, your mom's a lawyer. Sue me.
Come on. You have no right to do this.
Dad, I'm serious. Come on. Come on.
What are these, Emily?
Or should I say...
Kami Schwartz?
Everyone my age has fake IDs.
Right, and your social calendar demands 2, does it?
Dad, come on. That's just a jewelry box.
Oh. What'd I miss?
I hope, for your sake,
these are just tic-tacs.
You're using birth control pills, eh?
Do you realize there's consequences
for your actions?
There's consequences to going to frat parties.
There's consequences to
hanging out with older boys.
There's consequences to having these.
Well, there's consequences
to not having those, too.
You just read me.
You swore you would never
do that, and you just did.
Oi!
Don't go through my things, ever again.
Well, that went well.
Don't be mad at her.
I'm not mad at her. I'm
mad at you for not telling me.
She feels like she can't talk
to you about these things.
Why?
Well, because when you read her,
she feels like you're judging her.
I'm not judging her!
That's rubbish.
I'm not judging her.
Well, did you know that some of her
friends are already having sex?
Which ones?
Why, so you can forbid her from seeing them?
Come on. You know what we
were like when we first met.
Look, Cal, I know in your work
you uncover all kinds of terrible things
that people do every day,
but you can't put all of
those fears onto Emily.
And look. She's not on the pill yet,
and I hope it stays that way,
but I think it's best that she
have them for when she is ready.
Bloody hell.
24 years old. Are you attracted to her?
Sure.
19.
What does she do for you?
Pretty hot.
18.
Yes.
16 years old?
Find her attractive?
No.
15 years old?
Find her attractive?
No.
Ok. When I showed him the photograph
of the 24-year-old in the brown panties,
he subconsciously licked his
lip, and his pupils dilated.
These are all signs of arousal.
Now, this is his response when I showed him
the 15-year-old, the 16-year-old,
and asked him if he was attracted.
He said "no."
You lied, Cabe.
My son is a good boy.
No, he is a good boy. He's
actually... he's a very good boy.
He knows he's not supposed to be
attracted to a 15-year-old girl
'cause society tells him it's wrong.
But I mean, look at her.
Ample breasts, slim waist,
ass that won't quit.
Cal.
All physical attributes
that a heterosexual male is
biologically wired to desire.
There's nothing wrong in wanting her,
especially since she's 22 years of age.
I lied, sorry.
Now, for the good news.
When I asked Cabe if he had ever knowingly
had sex with an underage girl,
he said no.
And he was telling the truth.
Out in the world,
7-year-olds can get carpal tunnel
from texting and playing
video games all day long.
And our children grow their own food,
make crafts, become self sufficient.
Hear his word choice?
What's next?
"Out in the world?"
He defines his followers' universe.
He compares himself to buddha
and other biblical figures.
You got a point.
No, but his point is irrelevant, all right?
He's using details with special context,
like underneath that huge oak tree
and behind the work shop.
It's contextual embedding,
a sign he's telling the truth.
So he really believes he's a prophet.
His religious beliefs are legit.
Well, to him and them.
But see that? Not her.
Why the rush to see us?
So you and your expert can sign these.
What are they?
Clearance from the state and federal government
for you to watch child pornography.
Your client secretly taped his
sex romp with Susan Reed,
and then he put it online for everyone to see.
That's enticing a minor and making
and distributing child porn.
What was a simple misdemeanor is now 3 felonies.
All right.
Hey, I hear the moaning stopped.
You stopped banging.
Let us in.
The forensic team traced the source
to the wireless router in the frat house.
Susan reed also swears she
told Cabe how old she was.
Cabe may have fooled you.
I was thinking he was just
a good kid in a bad spot.
He is a good kid.
Your case is falling apart,
so just let me send this kid where he belongs.
Why, because he's black
and he slept with a white girl,
he belongs in jail?
No, because she was 16,
and he put it online.
I resent the suggestion
that this has anything...
Oh, Jay, don't play victim.
Come on. I know your track record,
and I know how you treat black defendants.
And I know how you treated me in law school.
I had one white parent, one black parent,
and I was the only Brown student there.
And you just looked down
your nose at me all 3 years.
I'll see you at the grand jury.
Why'd you made the film?
I didn't.
Yeah, but you know
who made the film, right?
And you put it online anyway?
I didn't make any film.
This is the first time I've heard of it.
You knew she was 16.
No!
Yeah, she told you that she was 16,
and you brought her home anyway.
She never said she was 16!
Dr. Lightman?
Can you come into the lab, please?
What?
Look at this.
You knew she was 16.
Yeah. Yeah. She told you that she was 16,
and you brought her home anyway.
She never said she was 16.
You see what I see?
Yeah.
A man who needs some sleep.
A guy who's losing control over his emotions.
This case involves a girl Emily's
age who goes to her school...
Maybe you should let me talk to him.
Maybe you should remember
who's name's on the door.
She might be right.
Oh, says the woman who's bringing up
personal gripes from law school.
You didn't even let him answer
before you hit him with another question.
How can you tell if he's telling the truth
If you don't even allow for a clear read?
He is telling the truth.
He doesn't know anything about the film,
unless you saw some signs of aggression
I missed during my particularly
unprofessional session.
He's being honest.
Are we done here?
Yeah. Good. Come on.
Where?
Back to school.
Aw, hell no.
Hey, I'm sorry, old man, but Shady
Acres is down the street.
No, no, no. I used to run this place back in the day.
Look, see? Look. Class of '85.
Uh, blue and gold, proud and bold.
You were Theta house?
Yeah. Hang on.
Yeah. There you go.
That's me right there.
That's you? Damn.
Yeah. Father time's a bitch.
Yeah. Enjoy the party, brother.
Yeah. Uh, Keg's in the kitchen, right?
In the kitchen.
* Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh *
* look how I made 'em off *
* in the south, it's crunk, in the bay, it's hyphy *
* but in this hip-hop, there's nobody really like me *
* and real talk, I'm cool with that *
* for some, it's hard to swallow *
*but I'm true with that *
* straight to the top, I'm doin' that *
* when I first heard the beat, I was movin' that *
I used to strip.
So this is college.
Guess I didn't miss much.
What did you find out?
Uh, most of these guys
just talk a big game.
Once you mention anything about
aggression, anything about voyeurism,
they pull back.
Actually, between you and me,
I don't think any one of these guys
could throw a decent hump at me.
You drunk?
Did you see anyone who, you know,
might be inclined to film and distribute a sex act?
Yep. 3 guys showed signs of arousal
when voyeuristic topics came up.
Round them up.
All right.
The simplicity of our lives,
the simplicity of Jamie's teachings,
it's all very...
Simple?
So Jamie's belief that he's a prophet
That can lead his followers to a better life,
do you share that belief, Catherine?
Of course.
Aww. Isn't that sweet? Did you make this?
What does it say?
They can't read?
Jamie's homeschooling stresses
ethics over standard academics.
They can't read, and from what I can tell,
they spend all day making
crafts for Jamie to sell?
Do you think that's healthy?
Not why we're here.
We'll take care of our children our way.
You take care of yours your way.
Men fathering children year-round,
kids not getting educated.
Yeah, like a quarter of the U.S. population.
This doesn't bother you?
These children are not being cared for.
I mean, there are people out
there who'd want them,
who'd love them.
We're here to find tax fraud... no more, no less.
And no, wacky religions, they don't bother me,
because they're no wackier
than the mainstream ones.
Do you really believe that
there's a man in the clouds
who will solve your problems
if you make a wish to him?
So being a scientist means
I can't believe in God?
Well, last I checked,
talking to invisible people
is usually diagnosed as schizophrenia.
Look at her son.
His body language is very open...
his arms behind his back,
standing off to the side.
Waiting where he knows we have to pass.
Yeah.
I didn't catch your name before.
I'm Zack.
I'm Gillian.
Is there something that you want to tell us, Zack?
My mom doesn't believe in any of this...
not in Jamie, his church, none of it.
Then why does she stay here?
Oh, if she tries to go,
Jamie will take us from her.
So... excucuse me.
So, uh, this would be my room.
I see.
Ohh.
So, uh, what's the plans?
No plan.
You ready to party, boys?
Take a hike, dude.
Which one of you made the sex film? Who was it?
There's our man.
Yeah. You two, hop it.
Go on. On your way.
What's your name?
Wayne.
Wayne what?
Wayne Harkey.
Oh. Hello, Wayne.
So, where's the sex film?
Look, you made a film
with an underage girl.
If I have to ask you again,
I'm going to cuff you.
You understand me, Wayne?
Yeah.
I didn't know what to do with it.
Or you couldn't stop watching it.
I didn't know she was in high school,
and I did not make that film, all right?
I found it.
I just... I posted it online as a joke
to punk Cabe.
Real funny.
Look, I came up here for some beers,
and it was sitting on the desk.
I found it, all right?
The sex stuff was already on it.
I posted it, and I just...
I went outside for a brew.
I believe you.
Go on. Sod off.
What?
Give me the camera.
Hello?
Emily?
I want to know how a video of you
ended up on a camera with a sex film on it
that I found at a fraternity house...
Look at me, Emily. Look at me. Look at me!
Now, I found it at a fraternity house
that you told me you never went to.
I didn't go there.
How did you end up on this camera
with these girls?
It was outside school
after a basketball game,
not at some college party.
See, I don't know what to believe
anymore. I really don't.
You've got fake IDs, Emily, and birth control pills.
What else are you keeping from me?
Look. Look at the date.
That was before the party,
which I wasn't even at.
Well, then, who are the other girls on the video?
That's Dori and Kate. They're seniors
that I hang out with once in a while.
And that's Kate's camera.
They're really cool,
and there are only a couple of juniors
that they'll even talk to. So...
Let alone bring along to frat parties.
I've never gone with them.
Yet?
No.
Do you believe that Jamie Cowley's a prophet?
I was 19 and a user when I met him.
Jamie was handsome, and...
he cleaned me up.
He'll keep my kids.
And I cannot lose my babies.
Look, I hate to bring up the obvious.
We have to report her to the IRS.
She clearly doesn't believe in the church.
Her home is registered as a place of worship.
Yeah. Only because Cowley makes her.
Well, that's irrelevant. We just report the facts.
Ok. Ok. Fact,
we tell the government,
she's arrested for tax fraud.
Fact, she'll lose her children.
Fact, I'm not about to serve her up
when I can deliver Cowley instead.
Fact, I'm not going to lie to
the federal government
about our findings. I'm not going to lie.
I'm going to tell them
exactly what's going on there.
Laws are being violated.
We need to get those kids out of there.
So you're suggesting another waco.
You just bust down the door and...
Women and children who
are just too scared to leave?
Well, they're not just going to
go in there and round them up.
We were hired to pursue
the tax fraud angle.
Let's do our job.
Except Cowley believes his delusions.
They won't be able to prosecute.
All we'll get is maybe a few scared women.
Then that's all we'll get.
Which one of you's Kate?
And you are?
The man who found your camera.
Where did you get that?
Where did you leave it?
It's mine. Just give it back.
Well, after you've answered a few questions.
Whatever, stranger danger.
Give me back my camera, or I'll call the cops.
Go ahead. You can tell them all about
filming your friend Susan while
she was in bed with Cabe.
Which one of you recorded it?
Neither of us. Susan did it.
Susan did it.
Oh. At least that's the truth.
You know, I told you we should
have never brought her along.
She was being such a baby about
the whole thing.
What whole thing?
It's a lot more comfortable
talking to us than it is the cops.
A bunch of us made a pact
not to have our first time with a college guy be
when we were in college.
High school boys are tools.
You go to A&M to have sex with college boys.
And we picked a few juniors
we thought were cool enough to hang.
Susan was, like, totally petrified,
so I gave her my camera.
You know, for proof.
You made her record it?
Duh. We made a pact.
We needed proof.
After the deed, she totally wigged out.
She ran out of the room and left it there.
You feel bad about any of this?
No.
It's just sex.
Now, give up the camera.
It cost my dad, like, $400.
No. You tell him it's held by
county in evidence, all right?
In fact, the cops, they'll be by later today,
and they'll tell him themselves.
Hey.
My daughter's Emily Lightman, all right?
You two stay away from her, all right?
Whatever.
You stay away from her.
Hey. Mr. Reed.
You defend that boy. You work with his lawyer.
And now, you have the nerve to come to my home?
No. I know it's hard for you.
I don't want to make it any harder.
You know what's been hard?
Let me tell you what's hard.
My wife dying 11 months ago
because the insurance carrier said
the treatment she needs is experimental.
My plant shutting down so some
guy in Paraguay can have my job,
my baby girl on the internet
because some animal filmed...
I promise you, it's not my intention
to bring you any more pain, all right?
Right, Susan?
I spoke to Kate and Dori.
I think you need to talk to your dad.
I think he deserves the truth.
There's stuff I haven't told you.
Hey, you guys.
Is your mom home?
Catherine...
Hello, Ms. Foster, Mr. Loker.
I called the IRS today.
They assured me that you
wouldn't overstep your bounds,
that they'd hate to see my civil rights violated.
But I'm sure that that's not your intention.
Of course not.
I can see that you have a
fondness for children, Gillian,
but I sense that you have none of your own.
Perhaps the animosity I feel
from you is misdirected at me.
My seed flourishes...
Hey, buddy.
While yours, well, doesn't.
I can help you.
You and I can pray together.
Many of the female members
couldn't conceive in the outside world,
but when they came here, we prayed,
and they conceived.
Your problem isn't biological. It's spiritual.
I don't need you to help me pray.
Today's the last day of your court order.
Gather your things. You're
no longer welcome here.
He must have looked you
up online or something.
It's a cold read. It's a carnival trick.
Ok.
I've taken all the facts of
this case into consideration.
And I've decided to drop all
charges against Cabe McNeil.
What?
I'm sorry, but the extenuating circumstances
of this case are such...
He violated my daughter.
I mean, she's a kid.
He's a 22-year-old man.
He had a reasonable belief
that she was of age.
It was filmed! It's out in the world forever!
The only one who gets punished is my daughter?
Come on!
Mr. Reed. It was a tough decision.
Oh, this is the way the system always works.
You're the prosecutor. Do your job!
The system has to make someone pay.
My job gives me prosecutorial discretion,
and I am using it here.
Your daughter went to the party
with intent of having sex.
She lied about her age.
She filmed it.
She's the victim!
In this case, Cabe McNeil is a victim, too.
Come on, Susan.
Excuse me.
Jay, I don't know what to say.
How about "I'm sorry"?
Could you please get my
daughter's jacket now? Now?
I'm not a bigot, Zoe.
I filed the charges because I follow the law.
And the only reason I had a
problem with you in school was
you made law review, and I didn't.
Hey, Jay, I am sorry.
Good job on the case.
Next time, I'm knocking you in the dirt.
Mr. Reed. Hold on a minute.
Hold on. Hold on a sec.
I think I know what you're going to do.
I'm fine now.
Yeah, well, your hand says otherwise.
Look, don't go off to Cabe, all right?
It will just make matters worse for yourself.
Think about your daughter.
She's all I'm thinking about.
I thought you were done.
Well, we just have a couple more questions.
Actually, just one more question.
Are you ready to leave?
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. What's going on?
You need to leave here
before Jamie sees us.
No, actually...
I want you to leave.
What is that?
It's a safehouse.
It's a licensed non-profit for battered women.
They'll take you and your children
and get you out of here
and find you a place to stay,
and they will never reveal your location...
Are you out of your mind?
He'll find me.
He'll bring me back and make me a prisoner.
You already are a prisoner.
You're helping her kidnap the man's children.
That is not the way to do this, Foster.
The van's leaving in 30 seconds.
Come on. It's your last chance.
I'm going with or without you,
and I'm taking them with me.
Come on, guys.
Thank you.
Go around.
Come on, guys. Around the car, ok?
Hey! Hey!
Catherine, what are you doing?
Those are my children, Catherine!
Don't... Catherine! Catherine, stay here!
Catherine! Hey! Hey!
Hey!
That was a big mistake.
You aided and abeted the escape
of the only possible person
we could have prosecuted.
I have no idea where the van came from,
and I had nothing to do
with Catherine's departure.
Mr. Cowley tells a different story.
Mr. Cowley believes he's
a prophet sent from God.
He's delusional.
You don't play games with the IRS.
Mr. Loker, um,
You've been very quiet.
You have anything to add?
No.
What Foster said is accurate.
You tell Lightman he's going to have
An auditor with a microscope up his british keister
for as long as I have a job.
Why did you do that?
Well, you got to have faith in something.
I'm putting mine in you.
Thank you.
Doesn't mean what you did was right.
Boss needs you in the lab.
I'll be right there.
She's a kid!
Oh, thanks. I appreciate that.
Um, Reynolds called in a favor.
He's got a cop watching Cabe.
Hey, what's going on?
I need fresh eyes on this.
I think that the dad is going
to take a run at Cabe.
Do you really think he'd go that far?
He doesn't want to put any
blame on his daughter,
So he's directing all of his anger at Cabe.
Yeah. People have trouble accepting when
females are the sexual aggressors.
You know, actually, it's like the Bonobo chimp...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not now, Loker.
Not now. Not now. Um.
Play it again.
You're the prosecutor. Do your job!
All right. Just play it again. Play it again.
No, no, no. Let it play. Let it play.
Make someone pay.
Listen to his words.
The system is at fault.
"The system has to make someone pay."
Oh, hell.
What?
Call the police. He's not going after Cabe.
* Are those halos in your hair *
Someone has to pay.
* Or diamonds shining there? *
*Without a hope *
* without a prayer *
* this rain beats down like death *
* you turn your eyes to *
*better men *
* before I go *
* I'm hanging a cross on the nail *
* I hung one for you in there... *
Did you see his face?
Yeah.
He's at peace.
* Girl, lay your shame to rest *
* then hold the lies close to your breast *
* you stoop to feed the crows *
* some scraps of truth *
Come in.
*Already cold... *
How you doing, love?
I'm just thinking about Susan.
She doesn't have a mom,
and now, her dad's in prison.
What's going to happen to her?
I don't know, love. I don't know.
I mean, she was just excited
that the older girls liked her.
I was excited that they liked me.
Now, a man's dead, and...
Susan doesn't have any family.
How did all of this get so messed up?
See, this is what I mean
about consequences, love.
Can't predict them.
And when it comes
to you,
that's what scares me the most...
The unknown.
* Are those halos in your hair? *
* Without a hope, without a prayer *
I'm sorry.
It's all good.
* You finally lay your shame to rest... *
I love you.
I love you, too.
Be good, all right?
Sync by honeybunny - corrected by chamallow35
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org